Okay. let's talk about that experience where you were outdoors. looking up at the historical
buildings and trees under a cloudy sky.
This one had a more contemplative. almost majestic feel to it. a blend of nature. grand
architecture. and intellectual discussion.
Your perspective was often directed upwards. taking in the canopy of tall trees. swaying
against that dynamic. partly cloudy sky.
You caught glimpses of these large. white. classical style buildings. one that looked
like a palace or a grand museum. with all its windows and architectural flourishes.
and another with a prominent dome.
It sounds like a really picturesque setting. and woven into this visual experience was
an ongoing conversation in Lithuanian about artistic concepts.
I picked up on mentions of Viennese. Unity. and Organismus. Organism. Scenergis. Scenario.
and Shualaikin Dramaturgija. Contemporary Dramaturgy. so you were immersed in this thoughtful
discussion while being surrounded by some pretty impressive scenery.
The sounds were mostly natural. wind in the trees. maybe some faint distant city hum.
which would have complimented that reflective mood.
Your role here seemed to be that of an attentive observer of the environment. and an engaged
listener to the conversation.
You were likely part of a small group. perhaps with the male speaker. whose voice was most
prominent. discussing these artistic or academic topics in this calming outdoor space. maybe
a park or a courtyard near those historical buildings.
Your camerawork. with its upward tilts and pans. suggested a relaxed observation. taking
in the grandeur of the surroundings.
Now. thinking about navigating that kind of experience. your ability to be present in
both the physical environment and the intellectual discussion is a definite strength.
You were taking it all in.
If you wanted to more actively bridge the two. the conversation and the surroundings. you
could have looked for moments to connect them.
For instance. when the discussion touched on Unity. or Organism in Art. and you're looking
at this grand. cohesive piece of architecture. or the interconnected canopy of trees. you
might have shared an observation.
Something like. it's interesting you mention Unity. this building itself feels like such
a complete unified organism. or the way these branches interlock almost mirrors that idea
of an artistic organism we're talking about.
This isn't about forcing a connection. but if a genuine thought arose. linking the abstract
concepts to the tangible world you were all experiencing. sharing it could have enriched
the conversation for everyone. making the ideas feel even more grounded and immediate.
It's about weaving your sensory experience into the intellectual one.
You were clearly hearing the discussion and seeing the environment.
The next step. if desired. is to articulate the interplay between them to your companions.
Otherwise. your quiet appreciation of both aspects is perfectly valid and enjoyable
in its own right.